README.md, before:

# 3axis quick start example

This is the fastest way to build a 3D website.

[Live Demo](https://3axis.io/vanilla.html)

![vanilla gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41310107/206098090-6cedcfca-f82e-44b3-b823-dddb8fee0b51.gif)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41310107/207973983-230cc689-09dc-4a98-bee2-2f42e56cfb32.png" alt="vids and gltf" style="width:400px;"/>

## [32 lines of HTML/JS](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/public/index.html)

- hdr environment
- gltf models and envmaps
- jetpack, right click to fast travel
- invisible walls and collision detection
- look sensitivity, invert Y, gravity settings
- anti-aliasing and shadow settings
- basic geometries
- basic object interactions
- video playback system
- image hyperlinks

## Try it

Option 1. Requires [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

```
git clone https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla
cd vanilla
npm install
node index
```
Open localhost:8000 in your browser

Option 2. Download this repository and run the `public` directory on your web server of choice

## Customization

### [Graphics, controls, and UX settings](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/docs/settings.md)

### [Invisible walls and collisions](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/docs/collisions.md)

### [Interactors and keybindings](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/docs/interactors.md)

## Deployment
Free forever on your computer (use with screen capture to share videos of your 3D work)

Hosting on a website:
[Early adopter licenses are available through 1/15/23 for production use](https://square.link/u/WDWegPMr)

You will receive a token and instructions that you can use for all beta and v1 builds (3axis-core.min.js). One time fee per subdomain for lifetime use.


## [Follow on Twitter for updates](https://twitter.com/3axis_io)

## [Compare with aframevr](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/docs/aframe-diff.md)

Commit message:

added use cases, coming soon, docs main page

README.md, after:

# 3axis quick start example

This is the fastest way to build a 3D website.

[Live Demo](https://3axis.io/vanilla.html)

![vanilla gif](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41310107/206098090-6cedcfca-f82e-44b3-b823-dddb8fee0b51.gif)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41310107/207973983-230cc689-09dc-4a98-bee2-2f42e56cfb32.png" alt="vids and gltf" style="width:400px;"/>

## [32 lines of HTML/JS](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/public/index.html)

- hdr environment
- gltf models and envmaps
- jetpack, right click to fast travel
- invisible walls and collision detection
- look sensitivity, invert Y, gravity settings
- anti-aliasing and shadow settings
- basic geometries
- basic object interactions
- video playback system
- image hyperlinks

## Try it

Option 1. Requires [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

```
git clone https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla
cd vanilla
npm install
node index
```
Open localhost:8000 in your browser

Option 2. Download this repository and run the `public` directory on your web server of choice
## [Documentation](https://github.com/3axis-io/vanilla/blob/master/docs/index.md)
## Deployment
Free forever on your computer
- use with screen capture to share videos of your 3D work
- arrange news, social, and/or financial feeds spatially

Go live on a website
- Desktop-friendly portfolios for AR/VR developers and designers
- Showrooms for complex products or ideas
- Immersive eal estate tours


- [Early adopter licenses are available through 1/15/23 for production use](https://square.link/u/WDWegPMr)
- Perpetual license for all beta and v1 builds, one per subdomain

## Coming soon
Beta to-do list (Jan/Feb 2023)
- Built-in default HUD, with option to override
- Default redirect page for mobile devices. with option to override

Tentative v1 priorities (March-June 2023)
- React and Next.js wrappers
- Product configurator example with 5 lines of HTML
- Built-in helpers for lighting, displays, and animation

## [Follow on Twitter for updates](https://twitter.com/3axis_io)<br><br><br>
